README.md, before:

# CHOP-importer

This repo contains a script that imports CHOP as a concept in I14Y.

The CHOP API provides the codeListEntries. The title and description for the concept are defined in the `templates` folder for different languages as `.md` files.

The names for the responsible deputy and person are stored in the repository github secrets (`Settings` -> `Security` -> `Secret and variables` -> `Actions` -> `Secrets` -> `Repository secrets`) to avoid personal info leak. They are in json format like this:

- RESPONSIBLE_DEPUTY_JSON
    - `{"givenName":"John","familyName":"Doe","email":"john.doe@example.com"}`
- RESPONSIBLE_PERSON_JSON
    - `{"givenName":"Jacques","familyName":"Dupont","email":"jacques.dupont@example.com"}`

The year and revision are defined in Github env variables (`Settings` -> `Security` -> `Secret and variables` -> `Actions` -> `Variables` -> `Repository variables`) this way we don't need to change the code each year:
- CHOP_YEAR
- CHOP_REVISION

The url for the CHOP API (`CHOP_API_BASE_URL`) is defined in `config.py`.

`GET_TOKEN_URL` and `I14Y_API_BASE_URL` are defined in the workflow yaml files because they change between ABN and Prod.

Parameters for the I14Y concept that are unlikely to change are defined in the `build_data` function in `CHOPImporter.py` file.

Commit message:

The CHOP API is only accessible in admin network, so I rewrote the script to be executed locally instead of github Actions

README.md, after:

# CHOP-importer

This repo contains a script that imports CHOP as a concept in I14Y.

The required pip modules are listed in the `requirements.txt` file.

You have to create a `.env` file with the same variables as in `.env.example`.

The following env variables are needed:
- `I14Y_API_BASE_URL`: i14y api url (different for ABN/DEV/PROD)
- `GET_TOKEN_URL`: url to generate i14y token (different for ABN/DEV/PROD)
- `CLIENT_ID`: client id to generate i14y token
- `CLIENT_SECRET`: client secret to generate i14y token
- `CHOP_YEAR`: Chop year
- `CHOP_REVISION`: Chop revision (usually 99)
- `RESPONSIBLE_DEPUTY_GIVENNAME`: Given name for responsible deputy
- `RESPONSIBLE_DEPUTY_FAMILYNAME`: Family name for responsible deputy
- `RESPONSIBLE_DEPUTY_EMAIL`: Email for responsible deputy
- `RESPONSIBLE_PERSON_GIVENNAME`: Given name for responsible person
- `RESPONSIBLE_PERSON_FAMILYNAME`: Family name for responsible person
- `RESPONSIBLE_PERSON_EMAIL`: Email for responsible person

The CHOP API provides the codeListEntries. The title and description for the concept are defined in the `templates` folder for different languages as `.md` files. The placeholder `{YEAR}` in those file will be replaced by the provided `CHOP_YEAR` env variable.

Parameters for the I14Y concept that are unlikely to change are defined in the `build_data` function in `CHOPImporter.py` file.
